=== PAGE 1 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 1 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

RECORDATION REQUESTED BY:
SouthState Bank, National Association
Sradenton Manatee Avenue
2811 Manatee Ave West
Bradenton, FL 34205

WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO:
SouthState Bank, N.A.
PO Box 118068
Charleston, SC 29423

SEND TAX NOTICES TO:
PABLO FERNANDEZ
DANIELA ROZANES
4837 SABAL HARBOUR DR
BRADENTON, FL 34203

Parcel Ht oI T14S5$4

This Mortgage prepared by:

Name: ANNETTE TAYLOR, CONSUMER LOAN CLOSER
Company: SouthState Bank, National Association
Address: 2811 Manatee Ave West , Bradenton, FL 34205

"HEHEHE PABLO O0000000000FERNANDEZ00000745*
y MORTGAGE
G 4 FOR USE WITH SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT
MAXIMUM LIEN. The total amount of indebtedness secured by this Mortgage may decrease or increase from
time to time, but the maximum amount of principal indebtedness which may be outstanding at any one time

shall not exceed $115,000.00, plus Interest, and amounts expended or advanced by Lender for the payment of
taxes, levies or insurance on the Property, and interest on such amounts.

THIS MORTGAGE dated March 24, 2026, is made and executed between PABLO FERNANDEZ and DANIELA
ROZANES, husband and wife, whose address is 4837 SABAL HARBOUR DR, BRADENTON, FL 34203
(referred to below as "Grantor") and SouthState Bank, National Association, whose address is 2811 Manatee
Ave West , Bradenton, FL 34205 (referred to below as "Lender").

GRANT OF MORTGAGE. For valuable consideration, Grantor mortgages to Lender all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to the
following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and fixtures; all
easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights, watercourses and ditch rights (including stock in utilities with ditch

or irrigation rights); and all other rights, royalties, and profits relating to the real property, including without limitation all minerais, oil, gas,
geothermal and similar matters, (the “Real Property") located in MANATEE County, State of Florida:

fee EXHIBIT A, which is attached to this Mortgage and made a part of this Mortgage as if fully set forth
erein,

The Heal Property or its address is commonly known as 4837 SABAL HARBOUR DR, BRADENTON, FL

REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT. This Mortgage secures the Indebtedness inciuding, without limitation, a revolving line of credit under which,
upon request by Borrower, Lender, within twenty (20) years from the date of this Mortgage, may make future advances to Borrower. Such
future advances, together with interest thereon, are secured by this Mortgage. Such advances may be made, tepald, and remade from
time to time, subject to the limitation that the total outstanding balance owing at any one time, not including flnance charges on such
bafance at a fixed or variable rate or sum as provided in the Credit Agreement, any temporary overages, other charges, and any amounts
expended or advanced as provided In either the Indebtedness paragraph or thls paragraph, shall not exceed the Credit Limit as provided in
the Credit Agreement. It is the intention of Grantor and Lender that this Mortgage secures the balance outstanding under the Credit
Agreement from time to time from zero up to the Credit Limit as provided In the Credit Agreement and any Intermediate balance.

Grantor presently assigns to Lender all of Grantor's right, litle, and interest in and to all present and future leases of the Property and all


=== PAGE 2 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 2 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE
(Continued) Page 2

Rents from the Property. In addition, Grantor grants to Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security interest in the Personal Property and
Rents.

THIS MORTGAGE, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY,
1S GIVEN TO SECURE (A) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (B) PERFORMANCE OF EACH OF GRANTOR'S AGREEMENTS AND
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE CREDIT AGREEMENT WITH THE CREDIT LIMIT OF $115,000.00, THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THiS
MORTGAGE. THIS MORTGAGE IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:

GRANTOR'S WAIVERS. Grantor waives all rights or defenses arising by reason of any “one action” or "anti-deticiency" law, or any other
law which may prevent Lender from bringing any action against Grantor, including a claim for deficiency to the extent Lender Is otherwise
entitled to a claim for deficiency, before or after Lender's commencement or completion of any foreclosure actlon, elther judicially or by
exercise of a power of sale.

GRANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Grantor warrants that: (a) this Mortgage is executed at Borrower's request and
not at the request of Lender; (b) Grantor has the full power, right, and authority to enter into this Mortgage and to hypothecate the
Property; (c) the provisions of this Mortgage do not conflict with, or result in a default under any agreement or other instrument binding
upon Grantor and do not result in a violation of any law, regulation, court decree or order applicable to Grantor; (d) Grantor has established
adequate means of obtaining from Borrower on a continuing basis information about Borrower's financial condition; and (e) Lender has
made no representation to Grantor about Borrower (including without timitation the creditworthiness of Borrower).

PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE, Except as otherwise provided in this Mortgage, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Indebtedness secured by
this Mortgage as it becomes due, and Borrower and Grantor shall strictly pertorm all Borrower's and Grantor's obligations under this
Mortgage.

POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Borrower and Grantor agree that Borrower's and Grantor's possession and use of
the Property shall be governed by the following provisions:

Possession and Use. Until Grantor's interest in any or all of the Property is foreclosed, Grantor may (1) remain in possession and
control of the Property; (2) use, operate or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents from the Property.

Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in good condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and
maintenance necessary to preserve its value.

Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (1) During the period of Grantor's ownership
of the Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from the Property; (2) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to belleve
that there has been, except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (a) any reach or violation of any
Environmental Laws, (b) any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Property by any prior owners or occupants of the Property, or (c) any actual or
threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously disclosed to and
acknowledged by Lender in writing, (a) neither Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user of the Proparty
shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Property;
and (b) any such activity shall be conducted In compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and
ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws. Grantor authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property
to make such inspections and tests, at Grantor's expense, as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the Property
with this section of the Mortgage. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be tor Lender's purposes only and shall not be
construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or to any other person. The representations and
warranties contained herein are based on Grantor's due diligence in investigating the Property for Hazardous Substances. Grantor
hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for Indemnity or contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for
Cleanup or other costs under any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all
claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a
breach of this section of the Mortgage or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage, disposal, release or
threatened release occurring prior to Grantor's ownership or interest in the Property, whether or not the sama was or should have
been known to Grantor, The provisions of this section of the Mortgage, including the obligation to indemnity and defend, shall survive
the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction and reconveyance of the lien of this Mortgage and shall not be affected by
Lender's acquisition of any interest in the Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.

Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any stripping of or waste on
or to the Property or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Grantor will not remove, or grant to
any other party the right to remove, any timber, minerals {including oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products
without Lender's prior written consent,

Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property without Lender's prior
written consent. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory
to Lender to replace such Improvements with Improvements of at feast equal value.

Lender's Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all reasonable times to
attend to Lender's interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor's compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Mortgage.

Subsequent Liens. Grantor shall not allow any subsequent liens or mortgages on all or any portion of the Property without the prior
written consent of Lender.


=== PAGE 3 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 3 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE
(Continued) Page 3
|

Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or
hereatter in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property. Grantor may contest in good
faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as
Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so lang as, in Lender's sole opinion, Lender's interests in the Property are
not jeopardized. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect
Lender's interest.

Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Grantor shail do all other acts, in addition to
those acts set forth abave in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are reasonably necessary to protect and
preserve the Property.

DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER, Lender may, at Lender's option, declare Immediately due and payable all sums secured by this
Mortgage upon the sale or transfer, without Lender's prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the
Rea! Property. A “sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Real Property; whether legal,
beneficial or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, dead, installment sale contract, land contract, contract
for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, !ease-option contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any
beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real
Property. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise ts prohibited by federal law or by Florida law.

TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Mortgage:

Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquancy) all taxes, payroll taxes, special taxes, assessments,
water charges and sewer service charges levied against or on account of the Property, and shall pay when due all claims for work
done on or for services rendered ar material furnished to the Property. Grantor shall maintain the Property free of any liens having
Priority over or equal to the interest of Lender under this Mortgage, except for the Existing Indebtedness referred to in this Mortgage
or those liens specifically agreed to in writing by Lender, and except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due as further specified
in the Right to Contest paragraph.

Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a goad faith dispute over the
obligation to pay, so long as Lender's interest in the Property is not jeopardized. If a lien arises or is filed as a result of nonpayment,
Grantor shalt within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises ar, if a lien is filed, within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the
filing, secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or
other security satisfactory to Lender in an amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees, or
other charges that could accrue as a result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. in any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and
Lender and shall satisfy any adverse judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional
obligee under any surety bond fumished in the contest proceedings.

Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand fumish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes or assessments and
shall authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written statement of the taxes and assessments
against the Property.

Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any services are
furnished, cr any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic's lien, materialmen’s lien, or other lien could be asserted on
account of the work, services, or materials and the cost exceeds $2,500.00. Grantor will upon request of Lender furnish to Lender
advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor can and will pay the cost of such improvements.

PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Mortgage:

Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage
endorsements on a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real Property in an amount
sufficient to avoid application of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee clause in favor of Lender. Policies shall be
written by such insurance companies and in such form as may be reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor shall deliver to Lender
certificates of coverage from each insurer containing a stipulation that coverage will not be cancelled or diminished without a
minimum of thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Lender and not containing any disclaimer of the insurer's Itabllity for failure to give
such notice, Each insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in
any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located in an area designated by
the Administratar of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain
flood insurance, if available, for the maximum amount of Borrower's credit line and the full unpaid principal balance of any prior liens
on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood Insurance Program, or as otherwise
required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan. Flood insurance may be purchased under the National
Flood Insurance Program, from private insurers providing “private flood insurance" as defined by applicable federal flood insurance
statutes and regulations, or from another flood insurance provider that is both acceptable to Lender In its sole discretion and permitted
by applicable federal flood insurance statutes and regulations.

Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property if the estimated cost of repair or
replacement exceeds $2,500.00. Lender may make proof of loss if Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty.
Whether or not Lender's security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender's election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and
apply the proceeds to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of
the Property. If Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed
Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor
from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration If Grantor is not in default under this Morigage. Any proceeds
which have not been disbursed within 180 days after their receipt and which Lender has not committed to the repair ar restoration of


=== PAGE 4 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 4 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE .
(Continued) Page 4

the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Mortgage, then to pay accrued interest, and the
temainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of the Indebtedness. !f Lender holds any proceeds after payment in full of
the Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid to Grantor as Grantor's Interests may appear.

Compliance with Existing Indebtedness. During the period in which any Existing Indebtedness described below is in effect, compliance
with the insurance provisions contained in the instrument evidencing such Existing Indebtedness shall constitute compliance with the
insurance provisions under this Mortgage, to the extent compliance with the terms of this Mortgage would constitute a duplication of
insurance requirement. If any proceeds from the insurance become payable on loss, the provisions in this Mortgage for division of
proceeds shall apply only to that portion of the proceeds not payable to the holder of the Existing Indebtedness.

LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. If Grantor fails (A) to keep the Property free of all taxes, Ilens, security interests, encumbrances, and other
claims, (B) to provide any required insurance on the Properly, (C) to make repairs to the Property or to comply with any obligation to
maintain Existing Indebtedness in goad standing as required below, then Lender may do so. If any action or proceeding is commenced that
would materially affect Lender's interests in the Property, then Lender on Grantor's behalf may, but is not required to, take any action that
Lender believes to be appropriate to protect Lender's Interests. All expenses incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear
interest at the rate charged under the Credit Agreement from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All
such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the
palance of the Credit Agreement and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during either (1)
the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Credit Agreement; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment
which wilt be due and payable at the Credit Agreement's maturity. The Mortgage also will secure payment of these amounts. The rights
provided for in this paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or any remedies to which Lender may be entitled on account of any
default. Any such action by Lender shall not be construed as curing the default so as to bar Lender from any remedy that it otherwise
would have had.

WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Mortgage:

Title. Grantor warrants that: {a) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, free and clear of all
liens and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in the Existing Indebtedness section below or in
any litle insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this
Mortgage, and (b) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority to execule and deliver this Mortgage to Lender.

Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the title to the Property
against the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced that questions Grantor's title or the
interest of Lender under this Mortgage, Grantor shall defend the action at Grantor's expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in
such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of
Lender's own choice, and Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time
to time to permit such participation.

Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor's use of the Property complies with all existing applicable
laws, ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.

Survival of Promises. All promises, agreements, and statements Grantor has made in this Mortgage shall survive the execution and
delivery of this Mortgage, shall be continuing in nature and shall remain in full force and effect until such time as Borrower's
Indebtedness is paid in full.

EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS. The following provisions concerning Existing Indebtedness are a part of this Mortgage:

Existing Lien. The lien of this Mortgage securing the Indebtedness may be secondary and inferior to the lien securing payment of an
existing obligation with an account number of 8100172866 to SUNCOAST CREDIT UNION described as: 4837 SABAL HARBOUR
OR, BRADENTON, FL 34203. The existing obligation has a current principal balance of approximately $217,332.66 and is in the
original principal amount of $254,500.00. The obligation has the following payment terms: $1,617.12 per Month. Grantor expressly
covenants and agrees to pay, or see to the payment of, the Existing Indebtedness and to prevent any default on such indebtedness,
any default under the instruments evidencing such indebtedness, or any default under any security documents for such indebtedness.

No Modification, Grantor shall not enter into any agreement with the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust, or other security
agreement which has priority over this Mortgage by which that agreement is modified, amended, extended, or renewed without the
Prior written consent of Lender. Grantor shall neither request nor accept any future advances under any such security agreement
without the prior written consent of Lender.

CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Mortgage:

Proceedings. {f any proceeding in condemnation is fited, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and Grantor shall promptly
take such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the nominal party in such
proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own
choice, and Grantor will deliver or cause to be delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by
Lender from time to time to permit such participation.

Application of Net Proceeds. If all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by any proceeding or
purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at Its election require that all or any portion of the net proceeds of the award be applied
to the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of
all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys’ fees incurred by Lender in connection with the condemnation.

IMPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. ‘The following provisions relating to governmental
taxes, lees and charges are a part of this Mortgage:


=== PAGE 5 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 5 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE
(Continued) Page 5

Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to this Mortgage and
take whatever other action Is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender's lien on the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse
Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses Incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Mortgage,
including without limitation all intangible personal property taxes, documentary stamp taxes, fees, and other charges for recording or
registering this Mortgage.

Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax, including without limitation an intangible
personal property tax, upon this type of Mortgage or upon all or any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Mortgage: (2) a
specific tax on Borrower which Borrower is authorized or required to deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type
of Mortgage; (3) a tax on this type of Mortgage chargeable against the Lender or the holder of the Credit Agreement; and (4) a
specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal and interest made by Borrower,

Subsequent Taxes. If any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Mortgage, this event shall have
the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its available remedies for an Event of Default as
provided below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before it becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the
Taxes and Liens section and deposits with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory ta Lender.

SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Mortgage as a security agreement are a part
of this Mortgage:

Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures, and
Lender shalt hava all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as amended from time to time.

Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender's
Security interest in the Personal Property. In addition to recording this Mortgage In the real property records, Lender may, at any time
and without further authorization from Grantor, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Mortgage as a financing
statement, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest, Upon default,
Grantor shall not remove, sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any Personal
Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available ta
Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the extent permitted by applicable law,

Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information concerning the security
interest granted by this Mortgage may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page
of this Mortgage.

FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attorney-in-fact are a part of
this Mortgage:

Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and deliver, or will cause
to be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender's designee, and when requested by Lender, cause to be filed, recorded,
reiiled, or rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all
such mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, security agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of
further assurance, certificates, and other documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to
effectuate, complete, perfect, continue, or preserve (1) Borrower's and Grantor's obligations under the Credit Agreement, this
Mortgage, and the Related Documents, and (2) the liens and security interests created by this Mortgage on the Property, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the contrary in writing, Grantor shall
reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses Incurred in connection with the matters referred to in this paragraph.

Attorney-In-Fact. If Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so for and in the name
of Grantor and at Grantor's expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as Grantor's attorney-in-fact for
the purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender's
sole opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in the preceding paragraph.

FULL PERFORMANCE. If Borrower and Grantor pay all the Indebtedness when due, terminates the credit line account, and Grantor
otherwise performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under this Mortgage, Lender shall execute and deliver to Grantor a suitable
satistaction of this Mortgage and suitable statements of termination of any financing statement on file evidencing Lender's security interest
in the Rents and the Personal Property. Grantor will pay, if permitted by applicable law, any reasonable termination fee as determined by
Lender from time to time.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Grantor will be in default under this Mortgage if any of the following happen: (A) Grantor commits fraud or makes
a material misrepresentation at any time In connection with the Credit Agreement. This can include, for example, a false statement about
Borrower's or Grantor's income, assets, liabilities, or any other aspects of Borrower's or Grantor's financial condition. (8) Borrower does
not meet the repayment terms of the Credit Agreement. (C) Grantor's action or inaction adversely affects the collateral or Lender's rights
in the collateral. This can include, for example, failure to maintain required Insurance, waste or destructive use of the dwelling, failure to
pay taxes, death of all persons liable on the account, transfer of ttle or sale of the dwelling, creation of a senior lien on the dwelling
without Lender's permission, foreclosure by the holder of another lien, or the use of funds or the dwelling for prohibited purposes.

RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. Upon the cccurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter, Lender, at Lender's option,
may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies, in addition to any other rights or remedies provided by law:

Accelerate Indebledness. Lender shall have the right at its option without notice to Borrower or Grantor to declare the entire
Indebtedness immediately due and payable, including any prepayment penalty that Borrower would be required to pay.

UCC Remedles. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured


=== PAGE 6 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 6 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE
(Continued) Page 6

party under the Uniform Commercial Code.

Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of the Property, with
the power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from
the Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve
without bond if permitted by law. Lender's right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the
Property exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. If permitted by law, employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person
from serving as receiver,

dudicial Foreclosure. Lender may obtain a judicial decree foreclosing Grantor's interest in all or any part of the Property.

Deficiency Judgment. If permitted by applicable law, Lender may obtain a judgment for any deficiency remaining in the Indebtedness
due to Lender after application of all amounts received fram the exercise of the rights provided in this section.

Tenancy at Sufferance. If Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided above or Lender
otherwise becomes entitled to possession of the Properly upon default of Borrower or Grantor, Grantor shall become a tenant at
sufferance of Lender or the purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender's option, either (1} pay a reasonable rental for the use of
the Property, or (2) vacate the Property immediately upon the demand of Lender.

Other Remedies. Lender shail have all other rights and remedies provided in this Mortgage or the Credil Agreement or available at law
or in equity.

Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and Grantor hereby waive any and all right to have the
Property marshalled. [n exercising its rights and remedies, Lender shall be free to sell all or any part of the Property together or
separately, in one sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property.

Notice of Safe. Lender will give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale of the Personal Property or of the
time after which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Personal Property is to be made. Reasonable notice shall mean
natice given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition. Any sale of the Personal Property may be made in
conjunction with any sale of the Real Property.

Efection of Remedies. All of Lender's rights and remedies will be cumulative and may be exercised alone or together. An election by
Lender to choose any one remedy will not bar Lender from using any other remedy. If Lender decides to spend money or to perform
any of Grantor's obligations under this Mortgage, after Grantor's failure to do so, that decision by Lender will not affect Lender's right
to declare Grantor in default and to exercise Lender's remedies.

Attorneys’ Fees; Expenses. [f Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Mortgage, Lender shall be
entitled to recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attorneys' fees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any
court action is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender's opinion are
necessary at any lime for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness payable
an demand and shall bear interest at the Credit Agreement sate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by
this paragraph include, without limitation, however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and
Lender's legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses for bankruptcy
proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports), surveyors’ reports, and
appraisal fees and title insurance, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor also will pay any court costs, in addition to all
other sums provided by law.

NOTIGES. Any nolice required to be given under this Mortgage, including without limitation any natice of default and any notice of sale
shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telefacsimile {unless otherwise required
by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized ovemight courier, os, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first
class, certified or registered mall postage prepald, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Mortgage. Any person may
change his or her address for notices under this Mortgage by giving written notice to the other person or persons, specifying that the
purpose of the notice is to change the person's address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of
Grantor's current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Grantor, any notice given by Lender to
any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grantors. It will be Grantor’s responsibility to tell the others of the notice from Lender.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. Tha following miscellaneous provisions are a pari of this Mortgage:

Amendments. What is written in this Mortgage and in the Related Documents is Grantor's entire agreement with Lender concerning
the matters covered by this Mortgage. To be effective, any change or amendment to this Mortgage must be in writing and must be
signed by whoever will be bound or obligated by the change or amendment.

Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Mortgage are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define
the provisions of this Mortgage.

Governing Law. This Mortgage will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law,
the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Mortgage has been accepted by Lender in the
State of Florida.

Joint and Several Liability. Ail obligations of Barrawer and Grantor under this Marigage shall be joint and several, and all references to
Grantor shalt mean each and every Grantor, and all references to Borrower shall mean each and every Borrower. This means that
each Grantor signing below is responsible for all obligations in this Mortgage.

No Walver by Lender. Grantor understands Lender will not give up any of Lender's rights under this Mortgage unless Lender does so


=== PAGE 7 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 7 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE
(Continued) Page 7

in writing. The fact that Lender delays or omits to exercise any right will not mean that Lender has given up that right. {f Lender does
agree in writing to give up one of Lender's rights, that does not mean Grantor will not have to comply with the other provisions of this
Mortgage. Grantor also understands that if Lender does consent to a request, that does not mean that Grantor will not have to get
Lender's consent again if the situation happens again. Grantor further understands that just because Lender consents to one or more
of Grantor's requests, that dees not mean Lender will be required to consent to any of Grantor's future requests. Grantor waives
presentment, demand for payment, protest, and notice of dishonor.

Severability. If a court finds that any provision of this Mortgage is not valid or should not be enforced, that fact by itself will not mean
that the rest of this Mortgage will not be valid or enforced. Therefore, a court will enforce the rest of the provisions of this Mortgage
even if a provision of this Mortgage may be found to be invalid or unenforceable.

Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Mortgage with any other interest or estate in the Property
at any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender,

Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Mortgage on transfer of Grantor's interest, this Mortgage shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If ownership of the Property becomes vested in a
person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grantor's successors with reference to this Mortgage and
the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Mortgage or liability under
the Indebtedness,

Time Is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Mortgage.

Waive Jury. All parties to this Mortgage hereby walve the right to any Jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counteretain brought by
any party against any other party.

DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings when used in this Mortgage:

Borrower. The word “Borrower” means PABLO FERNANDEZ and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Credit Agreement
and all their successors and assigns.

Credit Agreement, The words "Credit Agreement* mean the credit agreement dated March 24, 2026, with credit limit of
$115,000.00 from Borrower to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of,
cansolidations of, and substitutions for the promissory note or agreement. The final maturity date of the Credit Agreement is March
20, 2036. NOTICE TO GRANTOR: THE CREDIT AGREEMENT CONTAINS A VARIABLE INTEREST RATE.

Environmental Laws. The words “Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensatian, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Sectlon 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. £. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.
Section 1801, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or
federal laws, rules, or regulations adopted pursuant thereto.

Event of Default. The words "Event of Default* mean any of the events of default set forth in this Mortgage in the events of default
section of this Mortgage.

Existing Indebtedness. The words “Existing Indebtedness" mean the indebtedness described in the Existing Liens provision of this
Mortgage.

Grantor. The word “Grantor“ means PABLO FERNANDEZ and DANIELA ROZANES.

Hazardous Substances. The words “Hazardous Substances” mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or
physical, chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment
when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words
“Hazardous Substances” are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic
substances, materials or waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term “Hazardous Substances" also
includes, without limitation, petroleum and petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.

Improvements. The word “Improvements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on
the Real Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real Property,

Indebtedness. The word “Indebtedness” means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses payable under the
Credit Agreement or Related Documents, together wilh all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, consolidations of and
substitutions for the Credit Agreement or Related Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge
Grantor's obligations or expenses incurred by Lender to enforce Grantor's obligations under this Mortgage, together with interest on
such amounts as provided in this Mortgage.

Lender. The word "Lender* means SouthState Bank, National Association, its successors and assigns. The words "successors or
assigns" mean any person or company that acquires any interest in the Credit Agreement.

Mortgage. The word "Mortgage" means this Mortgage between Grantor and Lender.

Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of persona! property now or
hereafter owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together with all accessions, parts, and
additions to, all replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such property; and together with all proceeds (including without
limitation all insurance proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property. However, should the
Real Property be iocated in an area designated by the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood


=== PAGE 8 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 8 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE
(Continued) Page 8

hazard area, Personal Property is limited to only those items specifically covered (currently or hereafter) by Coverage A of the standard
flood insurance policy issued in accordance with the Nationa! Flood Insurance Program or under equivalent coverage similarly issued
by a private insurer to satisfy the National Flood Insurance Act (as amended).

Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words “Real Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this Mortgage.

Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental
agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other
instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.

Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other benefits derived
from the Property.

WAIVER OF FUTURE ADVANCES UNDER PRIOR MORTGAGE. Grantor hereby agrees that the principal indebledness secured by any
mortgages or security agreements which are senior to the lien of this Mortgage shall not exceed the amount which upon the date of the
execution of this Mortgage has actually been advanced and is secured by each such prior mortgage and security agreement. As principal
indebtedness of such prior mortgages or security agreements is reduced, the maximum amount that may be secured thereby shall also be
reduced to the then outstanding principal balance(s). Grantor hereby waives the right to receive any additional or future advances under
any such prior mortgages or security agreements. This paragraph shall constitute the notice required by Florida Statutes Section
697,04(b).

EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS MORTGAGE, AND EACH GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS
TERMS.

PABLO FERNAND

x
DANIELA ROZANES

WITNESSES:

x wheny- euch aucsea
nome: Wbady Muha usec
ndéress 28 Manoler, Ae W. Biaditton FL 3420S

t
Name: DA T- Alegzers
aes: , 22H Mat Ae hl. Pradater, Ft. 3420s~



=== PAGE 9 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 9 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

MORTGAGE
(Continued) Page 9

INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT

STATE OF Floctke }
)ss
COUNTY OF _Mavely )

The foregoing instrument 1) A eae before me *y means of physical presence or Liontine notarization, this

lay of ae 20 Rt. by PABLO FERNANDEZ and DANIELA ROZANES, who are personally
known to me or who have produced as identification.
Gh A ner
a (Sig of Persofi Takifg Acknowledgment)
DAMD J, NORRIS Divi J: Aloeass
Notary Public + State of Florida (Name of Acknowledger Typed, Printed or e Wean
See ~~ Commnission # HH 288624 Vree y bund < Brome. Wao.
«My Com. Expires Jul 17, 2026 @ -
. (Title or HB

(Serial Number, if any)

LaserPro, Ver. 25,.4,40.001 Copr. Finastra USA Corporation 1997, 2026. All Rights Reserved. - FL CALASERPRO\CFALPLGOS.FG
TR-268761 PR-338


=== PAGE 10 ===
Inst. Number: 202641040260 Page 10 of 10 Date: 4/9/2026 Time: 1:20 PM
Angelina "Angel" Colonneso Clerk of Courts, Manatee County, Florida Doc Deed: 0.00 Doc Mort: 402.50 Int Tax: 230.00

EXHIBIT A

"ALL THAT CERTAIN LAND SITUATED IN MANATEE COUNTY,
FLORIDA, VIZ: - .

LOT 141, SABAL HARBOUR, PHASE V, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT
THEREOF, RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 35, PAGE(S) 56 THROUGH 62,
INCLUSIVE, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MANATEE COUNTY,
FLORIDA.

THIS BEING THE SAME PROPERTY CONVEYED TO PABLO
FERNANDEZ AND DANIELA ROZANES, HUSBAND AND WIFE,
DATED 02/28/2018 AND RECORDED ON 03/01/2018 IN BOOK 2716,
PAGE 2565, IN THE MANATEE COUNTY RECORDERS OFFICE.

PARCEL NO, 1697719559

Order Number: 9705997
Address: 4837 SABAL HARBOUR DR, BRADENTON, FL

